hey y'all how's everybody doing today
this is going to be a update on the CG
method I'm finishing up for full weeks
of the CG method and I am absolutely
loving it I love that my hair is like
super duper uber curly I'm loving that I
just got spray some water in my hair the
next day for this is like this five this
is like five day here yeah five day here
I just spray water in my hair and I
could go I'm loving that I'm loving that
the hair in the front get a close-up you
seen my clothes in the floor I never I
didn't have curls in the front only
thing I had in the front was a wave I'm
i have crows like all throughout my hair
now which I had just some spots where I
had curls what else am i loving about
this method I just love every I love
everything about this method I love the
simplicity of it I love that I just love
it so easy you know and the colors are
so cute you know that curl all of my
hair is like that it's like the zigzag I
don't have any crows that go like around
but yeah yeah get on with it I did
notice that my hair was looking a little
doll last week I've been doing just a
co-wash with the vol 5 i'm not using the
dealer girl anymore it was just a mite
revisited or use it up or use it as a
co-wash but in my hair it just means
it's old oh I didn't notice that i had
to find me a good clarifying sulfate
free shampoo so i end up going to
Sally's picking this baby up right here
this left my hair feeling a little strip
but clean not straw like not dried out
so I'm going to keep this and probably
do it like once a month in my hair or as
needed but I noticed after that I use
this my curls were like a hundred
percent better I'm going to read a
little bit on the back here this is what
made me pick this up once in a while the
products used to style shine and
moisturize build up on the hair our
quarrels and curls just won't act right
and it's difficult to make them shine
and behave these are the telltale signs
that is time to remove the old darling
residue and make it first clean start
without removing removing precious
natural moisture that makes our hair dry
and at the top it says remove the door
bring on the shine and it did exactly
what it says on this bottle there's some
more stuff on here but i'm not going to
read all that so i use this in my hair
to clarify it then I got the leave-in
conditioner and this has with Astra
extracts of coconut Amla sugar beet root
green tea lemon apple sugarcane and i
can't pronounce that word and
supplemental so this this is pretty good
um kinky curly still does it for me but
I'm gonna finish up this bottle just to
see one thing I didn't notice after I
put this in I added eco styler killed
clear gel and I didn't have any white
residue so that's the plus you know how
it is were just scared I'm scared
sometimes the mixed up specially if I
had to go to work because you don't know
if oh sorry sorry about that guys I'm
recording on my laptop you just don't
know if you're going to have the right
residue and that's just it's not cute
but yeah I love this did you method i
love i love everything about it i'm
gonna try to do it a 360 so you can see
the back of my hair hi just a side
because I'm in an awkward position I
turned around to quit this camera this
webcam is not doing my hair injustice
none she's my hair today get a close-up
on my curls oh yes looks like this a big
ol fuzzball but as you can see when I
pull them out that's all of my hair is
like that curls in the front yeah it's
great it's it's nice and easy I put on
my bonnet at night I just like pull it
down and I Earthbend morning spray it
shake it and I'm good to go I could do
this every single day out I wouldn't
care if i didn't had been doing seen
another twist okay yeah i will check in
i'm in another week or two just to show
you how my hair is progressing and
that's about it thanks for watching
please ray if you have any questions hit
me down below if you want to see me do
anything i think i'm gonna get on here
and just show you how I do a refresh in
a couple of days I'm not gonna do a
refresh no time soon nothin other than
just bring water in it I can't do that I
can't get on here and show I've did that
before
though but not with the cg method I did
that was just a regular washing up
before I stopped using silicones and and
all that stuff in my hair so maybe I'll
do that and then I can do like a refresh
where I go through all my hair like I
did yesterday I went through all of my
hair raked it through some more Edison
more gel and it was good ok my webcam is
acting funny so i will holla at y'all
later thank you for watching subscribe
like comment bye